https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-9296 Nutanix prereq (#6030)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/create_cluster_cli.adoc

Select the {ocp} release images when you create a cluster.

> *Note:* If you use the Nutanix platform, be sure to use `x86_64` architecture for the `releaseImage` in the `ClusterImageSet` resource and set the `visible` annotation value to `true`. See the following example:

Reviewer: Adding single quote back to the value  @oafischer 
```suggestion
*Note:* If you use the Nutanix platform, be sure to use `x86_64` architecture for the `releaseImage` in the `ClusterImageSet` resource and set the `visible` annotation value to `'true'`. See the following example:
```

> *Note:* If you use the Nutanix platform, make sure that the `ClusterImageSet` that you want to use for the Nutanix deployment has a `x86_64` `releaseImage` and that the `visible` annotation has the `'true'` value. See the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* If you use the Nutanix platform, be sure to use `x86_64` architecture for the `releaseImage` in the `ClusterImageSet` resource and set the `visible` annotation value to `true`. See the following example:
```

> [source,YAML]

Reviewer: all instances throughout the doc uses lowercase. Link to ASCII doc source block: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/source-blocks/ 
```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

----
apiVersion: hive.openshift.io/v1
kind: ClusterImageSet
metadata:
  labels:
    channel: stable

>     visible: 'true'

Reviewer: Will you verify if the single quotes are required? I believe this is another clean up that we need to do (Remove quotation marks out of YAML samples)
```suggestion
    visible: true
```

Author: @jelkosz ?

Reviewer 2: The apostrophe has to be there, the type is string here.

Author: Thanks for confirming! And thanks for reviewing @dockerymick, let me know if it looks good now.

Reviewer: Thanks Oliver! Taking a look now
